:recycle: restructure addition docs (#145)
neo4j/docs-ops-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/addition/agent-installation/self-registered.adoc

+
[source, terminal, role=noheader]
----
CONFIG_SERVER_GRPC_ADDRESS=<server grpc address>
CONFIG_SERVER_HTTP_ADDRESS=<server http address>
CONFIG_TLS_TRUSTED_CERTS=</path/to/the/trusted/certs/pem>
CONFIG_LOG_FILE=</path/to/nom-agent/log.txt>
CONFIG_INSTANCE_1_NAME=<instance name>
CONFIG_INSTANCE_1_BOLT_URI=<bolt uri of the local instance>
CONFIG_INSTANCE_1_BOLT_USERNAME=<local instance user name>
CONFIG_INSTANCE_1_BOLT_PASSWORD=<local instance password>
CONFIG_INSTANCE_1_QUERY_LOG_PORT=<an available port>
CONFIG_INSTANCE_1_LOG_CONFIG_PATH=<path to server-logs.xml>
----

Please refer to the full list of options <<configuration,here>>.

==== Starting and stopping

To start the service:

[source, terminal, role=noheader]
----
agent service -s start
----

To uninstall the service:

[source, terminal, role=noheader]
----
agent service -s uninstall
----

== Running as a console application

All <<configuration, configuration>> values for the agent should be set as environment variables before starting the agent.

[source, terminal, role=noheader]
----
agent console -s

or

agent console --self-register
----

[[verify]]

> == Verify agent setup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Verify agent setup

```

    It may be that the server address is configured incorrectly or the TLS certificates are not correctly specified. 

. Approve agent if required.
** An agent in standby mode shows up in the list of agents in NOM UI with `Unauthorized` status. 
+
image::agent-unauthorized.png[width=800]
To enable the agent to continue its normal execution, the agent needs to be approved from the NOM UI as shown below:
.. Click on `...` agent action icon and click `Approve Agent`:
+
image::agent-action-menu.png[width=800]
.. Update agent name or description if desired and click 'Approve':
+
image::agent-approve.png[width=800]
.. Upon approval, the agent status changes to `Offline` until the agent receives token information and re-connects to NOM server.
+
image::agent-approved-offline.png[width=800]
.. Wait for agent status to change to `Online` indicating that the agent has successfully re-connected to the NOM server and is in normal execution mode. 
This can take a few minutes. 
+
image::agent-approved-online.png[width=800]
. If the agent status is not 'Online' then go to where it is running and check the logs.

> . Hover over the newly added agent and select "View Configuration" from the menu on the right to show agent configuration. Check configuration is as expected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Hover over the newly added agent and select "View Configuration" from the menu on the right to show agent configuration. 
Check configuration is as expected.
```

[source, terminal, role=noheader]
----
agent console -s

or

agent console --self-register
----

[[verify]]
== Verify agent setup
Ensure agent has contacted NOM server, is online and is reporting DBMS(s) correctly.

. Return to Agents listing in global settings.
+
image::agents.png[width=800]
. Find self-registered agent in list.
 ** If the agent is not in the list then go back to where the agent is running and check the logs.
    It may be that the server address is configured incorrectly or the TLS certificates are not correctly specified. 

. Approve agent if required.
** An agent in standby mode shows up in the list of agents in NOM UI with `Unauthorized` status. 
+
image::agent-unauthorized.png[width=800]
To enable the agent to continue its normal execution, the agent needs to be approved from the NOM UI as shown below:
.. Click on `...` agent action icon and click `Approve Agent`:
+
image::agent-action-menu.png[width=800]
.. Update agent name or description if desired and click 'Approve':
+
image::agent-approve.png[width=800]
.. Upon approval, the agent status changes to `Offline` until the agent receives token information and re-connects to NOM server.

> image::agent-approved-offline.png[width=800]

Reviewer 2: this image is not rendered

Author: Oops - good catch!

A self-registering agent is useful in an automated environment such as a Kubernetes cluster of Neo4j instances where instances are dynamically created and managed.

[[running-agent]]
== Run agent 
To run a self-registering agent, an additional command line option is provided as `-s` for short and `--self-register`.

== Runing as a service

To run an agent in service mode means that the agent process runs in the background and monitors the instance.
The agent lifecycle is handled by the operating system service manager.
Best practice is to run an agent in service mode.

=== Linux (systemd)

==== Service installation

[source, terminal, role=noheader]
----
agent service -s install
----
==== Setting arguments

Run the following to edit the service:

[source, terminal, role=noheader]
----
systemctl edit neo4j-ops-manager-agent.service
----

Set environment variables by either setting Environment or EnvironmentFile options.
For example, using the Environment options, the override file can look like this:

[source, terminal, role=noheader]
----
[Service]
Environment="CONFIG_SERVER_ADDRESS=<server grpc address>"

> Environment="CONFIG_TOKEN_URL=<server http login url>"
> Environment="CONFIG_TOKEN_CLIENT_ID=<client id>"
> Environment="CONFIG_TOKEN_CLIENT_SECRET=<client secret>"

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

Since it is self-registering, we don't need `CONFIG_TOKEN_*`?

Environment="CONFIG_INSTANCE_1_BOLT_USERNAME=<local instance user name>"
Environment="CONFIG_INSTANCE_1_BOLT_PASSWORD=<local instance password>"
Environment="CONFIG_INSTANCE_1_QUERY_LOG_PORT=<an available port>"
Environment="CONFIG_INSTANCE_1_LOG_CONFIG_PATH=<path to server-logs.xml>"
----

Please refer to the full list of options <<configuration,here>>.

==== Starting and stopping

To start the service: 
[source, terminal, role=noheader]
----
systemctl start neo4j-ops-manager-agent.service
----

To stop the service:
[source, terminal, role=noheader]
----
systemctl stop neo4j-ops-manager-agent.service
----

Logs are available, using journalctl, via

[source, terminal, role=noheader]
----
journalctl -u neo4j-ops-manager-agent
----

=== Windows

==== Service installation

[source, terminal, role=noheader]
----
agent service -s install
----

==== Setting arguments

* Open registry editor and navigate to `HKLM\SYSTEM\CurrentControlSet\Services\neo4j-ops-manager-agent`.
* Create a key of type `REG_MULTI_SZ` named `Environment` and add your environment variables, each on a separate line, for example:
+
[source, terminal, role=noheader]
----
CONFIG_SERVER_ADDRESS=<server grpc address>

> CONFIG_TOKEN_URL=<server http login url>
> CONFIG_TOKEN_CLIENT_ID=<client id>
> CONFIG_TOKEN_CLIENT_SECRET=<client secret>

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

Since it is self-registering, we don't need `CONFIG_TOKEN_*`?

| server:9090

| `CONFIG_SERVER_HTTP_ADDRESS`
| Server HTTP address (** should include protocol scheme **)
| +++https://server:8080+++

|`CONFIG_TLS_TRUSTED_CERTS`
| PEM encoded trusted CA list ()
| `/path/to/a/pem/file`
|===

[NOTE]
====
Since agent-server communication needs to be encrypted, you need to configure the agent so that it trusts the server's certificates.
The file that contains the trusted certificate list (PEM encoded) can be specified through the `CONFIG_TLS_TRUSTED_CERTS` environment variable.

> While most operating systems default to the system-wide trusted certificates, it is not the case on Windows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most operating systems default to the system-wide trusted certificates, but this is not the case on Windows.
```
